# Book Catalog System
The Book Catalog System is a software application designed to facilitate the management of a collection of books. It provides users with a convenient  interface to perform various operations such as adding new books, editing existing book information, deleting books, updating book details, and searching for books based on different criteria.

 
## Table of Contents
- Overview
- Features
- Installation
- Usage
- Documents
- Contributors

## Overview
The purpose of the Book Catalog System is to streamline the process of orga-
nizing and accessing book data. By centralizing book information in a digital
format, users can efficiently manage their book collections, and retrieve infor-
mation as needed.

## Features
- Crud operations for books.
- Search intended book.
- import and export Json files.
- The software provides a tag system for books.
- Crud operations for Json files.
- Error handling and informative messages for easier troubleshooting.
- Integration with external libraries, such as jsr353 for JSON serialization/deserialization.

## Installation
To install:

You can install installer from Relases : https://github.com/TunayKoluacik/BookCatalogSystem-CE216/releases
To run the The Book Catalog System (BCS) in the IDE, follow these steps:

Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/TunayKoluacik/BookCatalogSystem-CE216.git
Install the required dependencies with Gradle.
Build the project using the provided build scripts or IDE tools.
Run the application using the generated executable or by executing the appropriate command.
Note: Make sure you have the necessary runtime environment and dependencies installed on your system to run the application successfully.

## Usage
Launch the Book Catalog System application.
Create or load a book or books.For creating new one, define the neccesary attributes, such as the title, isbn, author...; and external libraries.
The books you created can be used any time.
When the time is rigth search your book.
View the output generated by the execution.
Refer to the user manual or documentation for detailed usage instructions.

## Documents
Links are listed below:

- Design Document : 
- Task Distribution : 
- Final Report : 

## Contributors
- Aras Fırat 
- Hüseyin Ege Akın
- Tunay koluaçık
- Gizem Akçay



